Post ID,Title,Content,Votes,Comments
"t3_1j71ogd","My cousin is dying and today he'll find out I do not forgive him.","We were close friends when I was younger,  between 20 - 25, he's 5yrs older. I trusted him. He raped me while I was drunk, unconcious. I didn't talk to him much after that, only at his fathers funeral, and my dads 70th birthday, trying to act normal. No one knows what he did 15 years ago, well I guess my dad knows now.

My dad called me on friday, letting me know he's not well and my parents and brother will visit him today,  one last time. Asking me if I wanted to join them, I said let me think about it. Yesterday I told my dad no, I will not be there because cousin did something I can't forgive. My dad's the best, I saw his face change but he didn't ask or press for info. He said he understood.

It did rip open an old wound. Honestly the guy's been dead to me for so long. I buried what happened in the back of my mind. Kind of blamed myself for being dumb enough to get so drunk and trusting someone to not take advantage. Now I realize this wasn't my fault. Today he will figure out I do not forgive him and never will. He will rot in the ground and I will spit on his grave.","6573","155"
"t3_1j7bc3e","I cry at night over my height , and desperately wish I was 5’3 like my sister  . I would give away $400,000  of my money sitting in retirement accounts to even be 2 inches shorter","I’m a 6’1.5 cis woman . Not only am I tall , but I am big /massive . I have a very long torso , long face , big hands , and big feet

Due to my height I am masculinized all the time even by own family members . I am misgendered , and sired all the time . I get treated like a dude without the male privilege . People also treat me like there’s something inherently wrong with me for being this tall  . People laugh at me , stare at me , and point at me due to my size . As a victim of abuse /assault people have laughed at the idea that a big women like me could ever be abused /assaulted . I have had people thought I was a man in the women’s restroom , and had security called on me . I’m so traumatized that I don’t even use women’s restrooms despite being born one

My height has given me PTSD , anxiety , and has been a psychological burden to me

My sister is 5’3 , and very small . She has never have to dealt with the discrimination, and ostracism that I dealt with . When something happens to her , people comfort her quickly . She can go to any store , and find any clothing /shoe that are her size while I shop at the men’s section

I find myself crying at night over my height , and having suicidal thoughts since I cannot do anything  about my height","273","105"
"t3_1j77a9v","Ashamed and embarrassed that my body responded","I was assaulted 7 months ago. I've kept it to myself because I'm so embarrassed.  During the assault I actually orgasmed, which I never knew could happen. I'm struggling to deal with it and just wanted to get it off my chest.","359","62"
"t3_1j773xl","I wouldn’t marry my husband of 17 years if given a do-over.","Four years ago, I felt like I had achieved all goals, happiness, and was married to my best friend. For context, I (35f) and my husband (38m) have been married for 17 years. I met him as a teenager, we dated, and married promptly after my 18th birthday. I felt like we had really worked through a lot of issues to build a good marriage and life together. I don’t have a strong support system of people in my life, so it was just him and me against the world. Well, that changed, and I’ve been beating myself up about it for a while, and trying to navigate my feelings, or just ignoring them, idk. I started to have feelings for a co-worker (I know, typical). He has been a friend at work, and is married. There has been nothing romantic between us, and I don’t get any indication from him that he is interested in more. He has just been supportive as my co-worker and a friend, and that friendship doesn’t extend outside of work at all. I have no interest in pursuing a romantic relationship with him either. I don’t want to have infidelity in my marriage or try to convince someone else to be untrue. And breaking marriages for another person just means a worse marriage.

This has really led me to contemplate my life. Why, when everything was feeling so right, did I start catching feelings for someone else. I looked back at our relationship and started seeing all the negative. I questioned if I was just looking for reasons to justify how I felt. I came to the realization that our dating relationship was abusive (and early years of our marriage). More than just bad, or two stupid kids. He was very controlling, pushed sex on me before I was ready, and even used a sexual act two different times as “punishment” (that was painful). Anytime I’m alone with my thoughts, I think that so much of how I am today in my relationship with him was shaped by the bad times. He isn’t that person any more, he isn’t controlling, and treats me better overall. But, I don’t have friends, am scared to make him mad, scared to talk about my feelings, am super agreeable to avoid any conflicts. He has been explosive and mean in the past when he gets angry, although that hasn’t been too recently. (Nothing ever physical.) I still feel like a terrible person for thinking about another guy, and feel some blame for wallowing in the past. I think if I would do it all over, and there’s no way I would stay in the relationship if given a do over. If I had a daughter, I would teach her how to avoid this and reach out for help.

I feel like my eyes have been opened to the truth of our past. I tried to bring it up with him by asking what he thought about our dating relationship. He said he doesn’t really think about it, and I said that I thought it was bad. I brought up some things, and he didn’t want to talk about it. He said he had apologized and I just hadn’t forgiven him for it. He got mad, and I got upset and cried. I remember him giving an apology several years ago, we both got drunk and he said he felt bad about things and I consoled him, but I’m just now realizing it was abusive. I wanted to get confirmation from him that he agreed it wasn’t a healthy relationship, just for healing. But there was nothing productive about it.

I find myself lately being depressed and bottled up. I work full time and my husband hasn’t had a job for a few years now. I really don’t care if he works, but want him to contribute to our relationship in some way. Instead he spends a lot of time sitting around the house on his phone making a mess and spending excessive amounts of time on hobbies. And no, I don’t think there is any chance he is cheating. I think he is also depressed. My guilt and frustration are overwhelming. I love him and he loves me, but I’m spending too much time in my head not dealing with my feelings, just hoping things find their place and go back, even though I know that’s not likely. I know I could use counseling to work on past trauma and learn to be a better partner myself. So maybe I’ll finally do that.","343","56"
"t3_1j6ysb5","*FINAL UPDATE* I 21F found out my husband 33M has been having an affair with my mother, and I don’t know where to go from here?","Hey so this will be my final update on everything as I believe the situation has finally come to an end and I’m in a really good place.

I left off where I was in a shelter and had made a lot of friends. Well the girl who I was gonna move somewhere with she ended up going back to her Mom and step Dad, and so I was back to being stuck on what to do. That was until I got a message from my grandma that her mom (my great-grandma) needs someone to care for her, she said that her brother would be happy to have me stay with him as long as I care for my great grandma. I decided I have nothing left to lose and decided this would be a good gig till I find out what I wanna do. I arrived in Miami 3 days ago and have been enjoying it greatly so far. I never really knew my dad’s side as he wasn’t that close with his family and after he passed it was hard to keep contact. My great-uncle is very nice and very accommodating and his wife is really nice, they live in quite a nice part of Miami as well near the beach.

I haven’t seen my great-grandma in over 10 years and she was so happy when she saw me. She can’t speak that much English as she only really speaks Spanish. I’m aware I said my dad was white, but that’s was only because I was scared of my identity being revealed and that wasn’t a 100% lie. My father was Cuban and was born and raised in Miami, however, he was most likely a descendant of Spaniards. Anyways, my great grandma has been teaching me Spanish and as well through the help of translating of my great uncle stories about my dad. She told me that he would fall asleep on her lap at family gatherings and how he would make the whole family laugh imitating her accent. It made me tear up seeing all the photos of him as a kid with his whole family. She told me that when he got on drugs and ran away from home, it left everyone in complete distraught. She claimed my grandma would cry everyday.

My Mom never had a relationship with them, and that was her choice they wanted to meet her actually. They told me that they weren’t shocked what happened to me as my Dad told them later on my mom would cheat on him all the time with other men. This made me furious as my mom always claimed my dad was her “soulmate.”

I have not heard anything from my mom, however, my cousins wedding went ahead yesterday as my aunty posted it on Facebook. My mom was there and she seemed completely fine from the photos. The wedding looked boring anyways, my cousin is marrying his first cousin from Pakistan (in-laws side) and no one is smiling. It made me laugh actually seeing my mom with all these people who are deeply religious and conservative. Seeing my mom next to my grandma and other female relatives who wear scarfs and are deeply religious, compared to my mom who sleeps with anyone that gives her an ounce of attention really cracks me up.

Also no word from my EX-husband, however, his sister sent me a text apologising on behalf of her and his parents.

So yeah that’s the end I believe I’m taking care of my great-grandma and will work out what I wanna do in the mean time. This will most likely (hopefully) be the final update as I believe I’m in a really good place.","1298","28"
"t3_1j7b7w4","Last night I paid a sex worker and couldn't get hard","Hi Im 25 years old.. Virgin.. yesterday I find online an escort in the city next where I live. the photo of the girl..too good to be true.. She looks like a model.. I really thought this is a scam I'm going to get robbed. All day long over thinking just for the thought of texting her. So yeah finally my horniness took over I texted her, took rendez-vous. In my car all I was thinking was this is it I'm getting the real thing or get robbed or whatever. End of the story I go to her apartment and this wasn't a scam she looks like exactly like the photos.. Incredible body..clearly too hot for me. Paid for 20 minutes.. didnt know what to do.. Didn't tell her I was a virgin but she probably guess. I was awkward.. And couldn't get hard so I leaved.

Now I'm disgusted in myself, I feel so lonely. I can't do this life on my own I'm lost and can't take this loneliness. And I'm ugly I did everything I can to improve myself grow a beard, gym, tattoo, plastic surgery , still ugly. Anyway that's it.. Don't talk to me about meds I already did go to a psychologist I took some xanax and resperidone to calm down and wasn't feeling like myself felt like a zombie so fuck that

I know I should get over it and wait for the right woman and don't go to escort ever again but the right woman or any woman aren't going my way soon and I don't want to get traumatized so yeah maybe I should try again and find another one until it work

(Sorry for my bad English its not my native language)","114","72"
"t3_1j78bvf","My (F23) friends think my boyfriend is a predator and want me to break up with him","I (F23) grew up as one of the oldest in my family, so I practically raised my younger siblings. I never really had a childhood I was always the responsible one, making decisions and taking care of everything. I’ve always been independent, maybe even a little on the masculine side. My parents were either working or not really present, so I took on the role of babysitter and homemaker. Between school, work, and looking after my siblings, I never had time to just enjoy life. No boyfriends, no social life just responsibility.

Now that my siblings are older and independent, I finally moved out to focus on myself. That’s when I decided to try Hinge, and I matched with this guy (M32). We hit it off right away and have been dating for almost eight months now. He’s handsome, intelligent, kind, nurturing, and, for the first time in my life, I feel like I have someone I can truly depend on. It’s a feeling I never knew I needed.

But over the past three months, I’ve noticed some changes. He started calling me his good little girl at first, it caught me off guard. I even cringed a little. But at the same time, I felt this weird, unexpected warmth from it. Like a part of me liked it, even though I didn’t understand why.

He also started buying me cute, feminine dresses and pretty heels things I would never have picked for myself. I was hesitant at first, but when I tried them on, I actually felt beautiful. Feminine. I was shocked by how much I loved it.

Then there are things like he packs me lunch on his days off and drops it off before I go to work, even though I usually just eat at the cafeteria. No one has ever made me lunch before, and it makes me feel so cared for in a way I didn’t realize I was missing.

He even brushes my hair. I have really long hair, and he’ll braid it for me sometimes. I thought I would hate it, but now I love it. I crave it. There’s this part of me that never got to experience these kinds of gentle, affectionate moments, and I feel like I’m healing in ways I can’t even explain.

He pats my head, gives me so much affection, and honestly, I feel like I’m going to explode from happiness.  He’s so patient and gentle with me.

Even our sex life has changed it’s filled with love and praise. I never knew how much I would love being praised. It makes me feel so happy, like I just want to be my best for him.  I do whatever I can to make him happy.

I know this all sounds a little strange. In a way, he feels like a father figure, but obviously not in a weird way. I don’t see him as my dad or anything like that, but I don’t know how else to explain it. I never thought I’d have a daddy (if that makes sense).

I told my two close friends about us and they said how it’s creepy and wrong and I should break up with him before it’s too late, calling him a predator. Also I am too inexperienced to know better.  They said how they don’t know me anymore because I changed a lot.

Yes I I have changed, I dress more feminine and I feel pretty.  I’ve always been the yes girl in our friendship but  lately I’ve been creating boundaries and more vocal about what I want sometimes and apparently it’s creating friction in our group. And due to that I’m now self centred they are icing me out unless I listen to them.

This is the happiest I’ve been in my life and I’m sad they can’t see that. I don’t know what to do.

Edit: I am financially stable with out without him.

TL;DR I’m dating an older guy and my friends think he’s a predator because of our age gap and how he treats me. Now they want me me to break up with him.","154","244"
"t3_1j7gxa6","I touched my dad in his sleep as a child","When I was around 12 I touched my dad in his sleep. It happened like two more times until one time he woke up and I just pretended to sleep. So I knew what I was doing is wrong. For a little bit of background although I don’t want to justify anything my dad is a huge narcissist asshole. Abusive towards my mom and sister he hit them and they were more than often afraid for their lives. He also sexually assaulted my mother when she denied him sex and she was always very tired the next day. He watched openly pornographic content on the tv in the living room. While me and my sister as children were seeing this and when my mother confronted him I still remember him saying that he has to get his arousal somewhere. Also I vaguely remember while till I was 12 I came in the night in my parents bedroom to sleep there when I got scared and almost always he made sexual advances towards my mother and i interrupted him to sleep in between them. I also remember i kept going to sleep with them even when i was 12 and no longer scared to sleep alone just to protect my mother since my dad didn’t let her sleep in peace and continued sexually assaulting here. So I strongly feel all this played a part why i suddenly touched my dad in his sleep. I don’t know but something psychologically happened as a result but to this day i still feel bad about it and disgusted with my self and have a hard time understanding my own sex drive since i only associate it with bad things. I also don’t want to talk about it with my sister or mom since they are both already traumatized enough I don’t want burden them with another thing. So I don’t know maybe some of you guys could help me process this or give some advice. Thanks

Edit: Thanks guys your comments helped me a bit. I‘m starting therapy in two weeks because I noticed my thoughts became too much to bear for myself. My sister is a bit older than me and around my age she started to attempt and it was up to me to stop her but I don’t want the same for me. But I wasn’t sure I could ever bring this topic up in therapy out of fear of judgement from the therapist since I am so disgusted with myself i only found it logical to expect the same from others.","46","23"
"t3_1j7eii2","Tw: Miscarriage. Letting the void have my loss.","My husband and I knew it would be hard to have kids. 2 egg retrievals, 3 chances, 2 transfers, and we have our son who is almost 2 years old. I love him so much and live for his laughs and hugs! I want him to have a sibling, but our transfer after him didn't work and we are down to one embryo left. We decided to take a break, even though I am not young, because ivf is fucking hard on your body.

Well, 2 weeks ago I got the shock of a lifetime with a positive test. We just laughed and hugged thinking maybe my body learned what to do with our son and how lucky we were not to have to do another round of ivf.

But the cramping started last night, and I knew. I begged this baby to please stay. I loved it already, though it was so tiny, and I had let myself dream about what life would be like with 2. Life is cruel though and once a miscarriage starts it doesn't stop because you want it to.

I just want to scream to the void that it's not fair to dangle that hope then have to suffer through it's loss. It's not enough that your heart hurts, your body is in pain as well. It's not fair that we could give a child a good life and people that hate their kids easily get pregnant. I'm just mad, and sad, and I hate my body for not being able to do this, and I have so many emotions about putting my husband on this rollercoaster with me.

I know reddit in general doesn't like kids, but I don't care. You existed, I love you,  and I'm so sorry I couldn't make you stay.","55","15"
"t3_1j71bqc","I secretly regret getting married so young","I (27F) married my husband (29M) when I was 22. At the time, it felt like the right thing to do — we were in love, everyone said we were perfect for each other. But lately, I can't shake the feeling that I missed out on my ""wild years."" I see my friends traveling, going out, and living carefree lives, and I can't help but feel a little bitter. My husband is amazing, and I love him, but I wonder what my life would be like if I'd waited. I feel so guilty for even thinking this.","257","154"
"t3_1j72p6c","I was in an aya cult. I told his wife and she didnt believe me.","After returning home from an ayahuasca ceremony, I got a message from a friend of mine whom I considered a ""spiritual brother"". He wanted to meet up. I was still in that post-ceremony glow—full of energy despite the late hour—and I wanted to socialize.

I live down a long dirt trail, a 15-minute walk from the nearest road. When I got there, he was waiting in his SUV. I was excited to talk with him. Right away, he offered me some hard liquor, saying, “This is what the indigenous people drink here! It’s very good for you.” But I had just returned from drinking ayahuasca, and he knew that. He wasn’t speaking clearly, but he started telling me stories about indigenous cosmology, which fascinated me—until the conversation took a turn.

He began talking about how husbands take other women and how normal it is. Then he told me he needed someone “spiritually on his level” so they could have a deeper connection than with their actual partners.

I told him flat out I wasn’t interested. But I kept asking questions. Does your wife know about these ‘practices’ you do?

“No, no,” he said, “but it’s better for her. Better for me too. And for our children.”

He started going on about how we don’t marry the people we are equal to—we marry the ones who are good for having kids. That real spiritual connection is with extramarital lovers. He kept inflating my ego, using spiritual talk to manipulate me. I asked if he had done this before.

“I’ve done it many times,” he admitted. “With many different women.”

Then he put his hand on my leg. I told him I was leaving. But I made the mistake of trying to stay friendly.

“Let me just show you one thing before you go,” he said.

He stopped me behind the car and hugged me. That’s when I froze. Trauma hit me like a wave. This wasn’t the first time something like this had happened to me, and suddenly, I was simultaneously trapped in his arms and in my past.

He pulled me tightly against him, ran his hand down my back, onto my hindquarters. At the same time, he started kissing me—lightly, from my ear down to my collarbone. My stomach churned with nausea. I squirmed to get away. He let go. I was in full trauma response, barely able to hold back tears. Then he begged me not to tell his wife. I barely managed a goodbye before I ran back up the hill to my house, praying he wasn’t following me.

A few days later, I saw his wife. Despite my own pain, I felt it was my duty to tell her the truth about her husband. Never mind my trauma—this was her husband. She deserved to know.

At first, she seemed to believe me. But later that day, I got a message from her. She repeated all his lies. He told her I subconsciously wanted to be with him. That based on our messages, I must have known it was going to be romantic.

But that couldn’t be further from the truth!!

I was completely blindsided. Now, looking back, I understand things I didn’t back then. At the time, I was in a cult. I believed that everyone in it was a good person, incapable of this kind of thing. If it were me now, I’d know better. I’d understand that if a married man asks a woman to meet him at 2 AM, he’s not looking to talk about life. Full stop.

Today, I saw both of them.

Seeing him again brought everything back- how he lied, how he got away with it, how his wife believed him over me. The anger and pain hit me like a tidal wave. I wanted to punch his stupid mouth, to do something, to make him face the truth of what he did. I even had a thought of role-playing the situation in front of his wife-forcing her to see it so she would understand. But I know deep down, no matter what I do, she probably won't believe me. He has her wrapped in lies. And I'm the one left carrying all of this. I've been crying all day. I feel so much anger, hurt, and grief. I don't know how to process this.","178","31"
"t3_1j7fpko","Im preparing a surprise for my bf","My boyfriend’s phone broke about a week and a half ago, so we’ve barely been able to talk, and it’s been tough on both of us. A few days ago, I came up with an idea to make things a little easier for him when he finally gets his phone back.

Every day, I’ve been sending him a message on WhatsApp, telling him about my day—what happened, how I felt, how much I miss him, and anything else that comes to mind. Along with each message, I send a selfie so he can see what I looked like at that moment.

It’s not the most elaborate surprise, but I think he’ll be really happy when he finally gets his phone back and sees everything. Right now, we can only talk through PlayStation groups, and we can’t even see each other, so I hope this makes him feel a little closer to me.

A part of me is so excited to see his reaction, but another part of me keeps wanting to add more days before he gets his phone back. Either way, I just can’t wait to see and hear him again. Whether he’s tired, pouting, excited, or just being himself, he’s always so cute, and I miss him so much.","16","38"
"t3_1j6wb2h","I feel really guilty, but I just had to throw away food i got from a foodbank.","Back when covid started, I had to use the food bank multiple times a month. Unfortionatly a lot of food I recieved were desserts and sugary stuff. Not wanting to be wasteful, I ate what I was given, not just to not be wasteful. But also cause i literally don't have any other food.And as such I gained over 100lbs.

But I've had to go to the food bank the last few months. I got a lot of fresh vegies and good selection of meat. But one of those meat rations I got was a bag of unseasoned pulled pork.

I put it into the pot frozen and as I warmed up, I noticed that it was mostly fatty pieces with very gritty meat crumbs. I made the decision to throw it out because ""not wanting to waste"" is what got me so overweight. But I still feel guilty having to wast food I was given.","372","31"
"t3_1j6u5dw","I (15F) Woke up to my brother (13M) Touching me","this is a throwaway because my family knows my main (also English isn't my 1st language so I apologize if there's any Spelling/grammar mistake)

i genuinely don't know what to do or feel about this.i feel so alone and unsafe rn, im literally crying as I'm writing this.

Last week, I woke up to my brother touching me inappropriately. We share the same room and bed, I felt his hands on me. I don't know why, but I stayed completely still. I could've stopped him, I could've yelled or pushed him away-but my brain just froze. I just lay there and took it.

After about 5-10 minutes, I decided to ""fake waking up"" very slowly so he would stop. And he did.

I felt disgusting. I wanted to tell my mom, but he's her favorite, and I was terrified she wouldn't believe me. So, I kept quiet and hoped it would never happen again.

i decided not to and hopped he'd stop. I feel so gross whenever he would touch me during the day or even when he's in the same room as me. I just feel so icky about all of this.

for the next few days, nothing really happened, and I almost convinced myself it was over. But on the 3 days after that incident I felt it again. I woke up but didn't open my eyes, I felt numb and trapped. i wanted to cry, but I just lay there again, completely still, doing nothing to resist or stop him

anyways,I went to school and was gonna told a friend about it but i got scared that they'll Tell everyone about it so i didn't. i didn't slept at my room that night (i slept at a friends house). i literally couldn't sleep that night, i remember my friend waking up because i was Crying and she asked me if im ok, i said yes and asked if we could watch a movie. i cried myself to sleep that night.

So nothing really happened after that and Really thought it was over. i was even sleeping in my room. I woke up to someone touching me again Today. So, 40 something minutes ago, i woke up to him touching me again. And just like before, I did nothing.

I wanted to move, to scream, to do something. But my body wouldn’t listen. It was like my brain had shut down, leaving me frozen in place. so I just lay there, pretending to sleep, trying not to make a sound. and he eventually stopped.

When he finally rolled over and pretended to sleep, I slowly turned away, pulling my blanket tighter around me. I wanted to cry, but the tears wouldn’t come. I just stared at the wall and stayed there for about 20mins and got up to write this. I don’t know what to do anymore. I don’t know how to make it stop. I just wish I could disappear.

PLEASE give me advice on what to do. im literally crying rn because i couldn't defend myself. I just feel so icky about this","419","91"
"t3_1j706wr","I was a sexual degenerate as a child and feel deeply ashamed and uncomfortable about it","Throwaway account because I don’t want anyone I know to see this. This is something I’ve only ever told one person and I feel deeply uncomfortable to even tell a therapist.

For context: I have never been a victim of sexual abuse physically, was raised in a super healthy home life, etc. Nothing traumatic has ever happened to me due to another person I personally knew.

When I was younger, I purposely would go on a site called KidzChat. I knew that predators would be on that site, and would advertise myself as someone to talk to “F 12”. I was around the ages of 10-14 doing this. Older men would then message me super sexually explicit things. We would sext for a while and eventually trade Skypes to talk or videochat. The biggest instance that I remember was skyping an older man who wanted to show me his jumping jacks. He would jump for a while and then his pants would conveniently fall off.  For some reason that moment is engrained in my mind. I know I’m a victim fully, but I feel weird because I went out looking for it? I guess that’s the cost of unlimited Internet access.

Another entirely separate thing that bothers me severely, is that one day (aged 11) I had my family dog perform oral on me. The dog didn’t need any coaxing, it liked the smell and went up to it. I remember it feeling awful and I felt so intensely guilty afterward. I never did it again, but I realize that this has deeply affected me as an adult. I absolutely cannot receive oral from a man because it reminds me of what I did with my family dog. This fact genuinely haunts me as I know it was completely wrong and animal.

I don’t even know how to cope with both of these facts as I was a victim and perpetrator. These things still affect me in my sexual life now manifesting as intense fear and guilt to commit certain normal sexual acts with people like being eaten out, sexting my boyfriend, etc. I know I don’t have the guts to tell a therapist either.","140","17"
"t3_1j7fu08","Almost K*lled for being in a loving relationship","I keep seeing posts of people complaining about couples just walking by or holding hands, people saying it makes them feel lonely. Will those ppl just stfu? Like no one gives a fuck you’re lonely, I don’t fucking care. It’s sad, sure and sometimes I feel bad but why are you getting upset at someone just enjoying their life. Me and my girlfriend are really happy together and people will get actually violent towards me because they don’t have something like that and when they see us smiling together it makes them angry.

Why are people so damn lonely? Recently I had someone really jealous of us, an old friend of my girlfriend make death threats towards us because we were happy and he was upset we were happy together. He was saying things like he was gonna come shoot me and do horrible things to my girlfriend I won’t even say. Just because we are happy together.. It’s okay to be sad but to ruin everyone else’s lives. I’m fucking tired of this shit. Why do dudes think women have to date them? Why aren’t people just allowed to enjoy their lives.","9","9"
"t3_1j6g3oe","I blew up my wife's family yesterday.","I have a trans son.  They came out sometime back in 2014-2015.  My wife's family has never been too keen on the idea, but we managed a lukewarm truce until they graduated high school.  That ended last night.  People started dogpiling my wife on a social media post, and once the attacks got personal, my name got drug in, cause I have had my angry eyes in over social media for a few months.  And I snapped. They were abusing my wife for some dumb shit i posted to deal with my anger.  So I told them all the truth.  About how bullshit it was that we were constantly being gaslit into thinking they accept my son for who they are, but even after 7 years they still can't use their preferred name.

Of course, that self righteous anger rarely feels good the next day.  Sure I felt vindicated, but my wife is devastated.  Her family has abused her, her entire life, but to her, they are still family.  I can't stand them, because they are those reformed drug addicts that now think they are better than everyone else.  But she loves them, and she is devastated.

As much as i can't stand her family, I really regret telling them how I actually thought of them over this issue with my son.  Because it won't fix anything.  It's just gonna make shit worse, and the only person that is going to suffer is my wife.","2155","199"
"t3_1j6ol0l","The work I did for CPS still haunts/revisits me (10 years later).","I worked for Child Protective Services in a metropolitan area of the US for 12 years. I did both long term case management and later investigations that led to the removals of children. With about a decade of time and reflection, I’ve come to realize the following:

I was a young woman with lots of privilege who did not understand the lives or needs of the people over whose lives I made decisions for.  This now causes me great pain.

Turns out I was dissociating through most of it due to secondary trauma and moral injury. The ability to dissociate (although we just saw it as toughing through back then) was seen as showing that you were a great worker and could “get shit done”.

I wanted to do good in the world and I wanted to help children. And I did. But I also caused harm because I had too many cases, not enough supervision and no real self-awareness.

It took years of therapy to understand and grieve the harm I had caused and the harm caused to me. I don’t even remember the first few years of my children’s lives because I was so dissociated. I often have to look at a photos to remember events with them.

I still get flashbacks of things I was exposed to and am swapped with pain.

Sometimes it all comes back. Just this week, I was contacted by a former colleague and a child who was on my caseload many years ago.

The colleague reminded me of a child death case we worked on. It was particularly searing because we both had children that were about the same age as the child who died.

She also reminded me about the death of another colleague (through an aneurism) and the suicide of a couple others. Yes, our work had a death count.

The girl, now an adult, reached out to me to say she is doing well and to thank me for helping her find an adoptive home.

It’s a mixed bag. And these memories reinforce in me the idea that nothing in life is guaranteed and I’m just trying to do the best I can each day. I screw up and I repair where I can. I put kindness and compassion into everything I do, but that isn’t always enough.

I don’t really have a purpose for this post. Just wanted to get it off my chest.","547","27"
"t3_1j7dc8s","I feel so ugly that I cant even walk in the street unless I'm looking directly to the ground","I just can't stand anyone seeing me. I'm embarrassed of my own face. Why can't I see a single ounce of beauty in me. Like genuinely. I have never looked at someone and been unable to see beauty in them.

Also I did notice everyone avoids looking directly at me. Every single person except people who already know me closely avoids looking at me while talking. I hate it.","8","1"
"t3_1j7jwdn","I love my dog but I don’t like her","My husband wanted a dog, and I had never had one before. I’ve had plenty of pets in the past: cats, rabbits, and fish, and I loved each one of them deeply. So, we decided to get a dog.

He did the work of finding the exact dog he wanted, and we drove three hours to adopt her. Even though he took on most of the feeding, exercising, playing, and training, she bonded to me. The bond feels like an obsession. When I’m around, my husband doesn’t exist to her. She never wants to be more than three feet away from me, and often, she’s touching me.

When I need a break, I go into the bedroom and shut the door. She just sits outside, waiting. I can put her in the office with my fiancé on the other side of the house, and then go to the bedroom and shut the door. But she waits at the office door, whining and whimpering. My husband tries to interact with her, but she doesn’t care. She just wants me. And I can’t handle this level of attention. You can take her outside, but if she knows I’m inside, she won’t leave the door. If I leave, she panics. A few minutes later, she calms down and does her own thing. She never bothers my husband this much.

I’ve heard mothers talk about feeling “touched out” with toddlers, and that’s exactly how I feel with my dog. The difference is, I don’t think she’ll ever grow past this stage. She’s a dog. We’ve worked with trainers to help her become more independent, but it doesn’t seem to work.

I’m thankful that there’s more nuance in the “adopt, don’t shop” movement. Sometimes, it might actually be better to get a dog from an ethical breeder, as shelter dogs can come with their own set of challenges. My dog has trauma, and that trauma will stay with her for life. It shows up in our relationship, where we’re in a sort of quasi-codependence. It’s frustrating because she’s fine when I’m not around. My husband can take her places, and she’s as happy as can be. If I’m not home, she’s completely relaxed. It’s only when I’m around that she becomes obsessed with me. I don’t get to experience the playful, silly dog everyone else sees because, in my presence, she’s consumed with me.

My husband takes her to his brother’s farm, and he sends me videos of her. It breaks my heart because I want to see that happy, playful dog too. I want a dog I can sit outside with, playing with toys and rolling in the dirt, without her needing to touch my leg at all times. But I never get that dog. I love her so much, but her constant affection drowns me.

I look forward to when she goes to the farm because I get to be home without her on top of me. I don’t love my job, but I dread going home because, at least at work, I get some alone time.

I love my dog, but I don’t like being around her.","2","2"
"t3_1j7g2op","My partner does something really weird","I'm not really looking for advice but more just getting it off my chest. My bf (27M) and I (27F) have been together for 4 years. We really don't argue much at all and overall we have a really good relationship. There is one thing he does though that really makes my stomach churn. He digs in his butt and then smells his fingers after. I don't think he knows I know, he kinda tries to be sneaky about it (like he does it under the blanket) or he does it when he thinks I'm busy reading or looking at my phone. He does wash his hands and takes a shower before we do anything intimate and also washes his hands before eating, etc. I don't know how to ask him why he does it or to stop. He's been doing it since we moved in together, I'm not sure how long in general he has been doing that. I needed to get it off my chest, he is a great guy and this isn't a relationship ending thing. I'm just unsure what to say or do.","5","7"
"t3_1j6w2w8","I've formed a little bond with an elderly homeless man who frequents my favorite cafe","He doesn't speak English very well, so communicating with him is a little challenging, but he's very sweet. For example, before we even started really interacting, he brought me napkins when I spilled something. Since then, we always say hello, how are you, etc. But I've always gotten the impression that he's self-conscious about... a lot of things. His scent is not ideal and, as I mentioned above, his English isn't great, and not everybody in the world is understanding about those things.

Today, he seemed to feel more comfortable with me than ever before. He came over, said hello, and sat down near me for the first time. I tried to use Google Translate to communicate, but he needs glasses and couldn't read the text, so we just tried our best.

It was the most complex discussion we've had so far. We discussed politics! This is what he has to say on the current situation (I'm trying my best to remember precisely what he said):

""Politics... bad, bad things. Politics hurt people. Mexicans, woman, good people. Social Security? Medicaid?"" (I assume he was expressing worry about the continued existence of both programs.)

I just wish I could speak Persian so we could understand each other better. It's clear that his life in America hasn't gone the way he must have hoped it would when he came here, and I'm extra worried about him now.

Anyway, when he needed to leave, I gave him a big hug. I hope our interactions make him happy.","151","16"
"t3_1j7gwdo","My ex friend is getting married and I cannot stop feeling sad because of my own delusion.","I(F28) and my former friend G( F30) meet during our first term in university, we both came from the same area and went to the same school at one point. We clicked and became really good friends from there. I was an insecure 19 year old at that time and she was outgoing and active in our version of sorority. I was invited to outings that I actually enjoyed and began to build up some confidence. We both had our share of mental problems understood each other, but after taking diffrent courses we stopped meeting as regularly but she always said that I was one of her closest friends.

In 2020, I became sick. Really heavy burnout, Crohn dieses and bulimia that made me unable to stay in town. I moved back home and slowly began to rebuild my life and health. Now in 2025, I am still sick, but way better and have control of my mental problems. During the last five years I wrote to G every time I went to the university city, asking to meet up and if I could, I set the dates of my travel after her schedule to make sure we could meet(it’s a 5h drive). Every time she said she would love to, and if she was available we booked a date and time. But almost always something happened or she double booked that she remembered 1 day to 1h before. During these five years, we have meet up twice and I have probably asked her around 10 times since I usually go twice a year.  She never wrote to me when she visited her parents or asked me when I was going down next time, which I realise now was a clear sign that I ignored. I once wrote and asked her if she didn’t want to meet up, it was okey and I would understand, time changes people and friendship does not always last. She denied it and said she very much wanted to meet up and I accepted the answer. Telling me how horrible of a friend she is and how sorry she is.

Two years ago I had a major breakdown when G cancelled on me again. I had been so excited and when she cancelled I was heartbroken. Walking is my coping strategy, especially with heavy emotions, even after 10km I did not stop crying. I was living with another friend  for that weekend and I fully broke down in the end and told her everything. They had never suspected anything cause I always spoke so well off her. She  apparently told my other friends who all are mad on my behalf.

G sent me a snap in May 2024, with the caption ”In exactly one year we are getting married” with a picture on her fiancé. I congratulated her, but I had no idea about their engagement before that. I decided to one last try and asked her of a time during the summer we could meet up, with my vacation weeks in mind. She responded and we decided a week  were she was free, for details to be determined later. As it approached I wrote 1 week before and told her the days, no response. When I finally was at the hotell I wrote again and told her how long I was there and times when I was booked. My friends were a bit angry at me for trying again but I said that this will be the last time.

One day after I came home from the trip she responded with how sorry she was for not answering. I had enough and told her how I felt through the years, I was nice and civile even said I should have brought it up earlier and not just unload it all now, even asked my friends to read before sending. G answered and told me she understood why I felt like that, I ended it with that if she wanted to meet, she would have to text or call me now, cause I was tired of this being so one sided.

Guess what - not heard from her since. Now I see pictures from the wedding preparations like the baccalaureate and dress fitting and I feel so sad. Probably I had a delusion hope deep inside that I would get an invite and that she would text me. This quenching the last hope of ever being friends again and telling me how little I meant and what friends mattered to her.

My friends supports my feelings even my boyfriend, but I just feel like I never meant anything. If they are real friends they will make time for you, I know, but in my head I go through all those memories and just wonder if I could have done anything different. Been a better friend, written more, called or if I just was the burden I always was scared of being, also wishing I not been so delusional and naive.

Sorry for the long post❤️","4","3"
"t3_1j7bfnq","I hate driving.","I fucking hate driving, I can't explain it, it just fucking terrifies me. Maybe it's because my mom would drive drunk and my dad is an aggressive driver (aka get out and threaten or beat people out for stupid shit). Maybe it's related to Autism or OCD. I don't know. All I know is, that when put behind a wheel, I panic so bad that I just want to hurt myself and usually do end up doing that. Every single time, I have a meltdown. I hate myself so much for it. I feel like such a goddamn coward, but it's so overwhelming, I'm terrified I'll hurt myself and others on the road because I zone out. The only way I can drive is when I'm zoned out, otherwise I just throw up. I wish I wasn't like this. I'm 21 years old, I can't be like this. But the thought of eventually having to drive every day for the rest of my life sends me spiralling, I don't think I can do this. Going to my sister's for driving practice is so inconvenient for everyone, and I spend the two or three days prior to it freaking the fuck out, I can't relax because I know it's coming. I hate this, I hate being such a damn burden.","8","2"
"t3_1j7dego","Finally realise I don't wanna die","Hated life for a good amount of time. Had baby attempts over the years

Had a big one. Was hospitalised for a few days. Ex ""suggested"" to limit contact with my kids. Parents sad. And me, happy it failed

Never thought I would be. But when I was puking my guts up in hosp, feeling terrible, I just regretted it

I wouldn't see my kids again. They'd hurt because of me. I'd cause them pain

Fuck, I was selfish. I just thought about me. Kinda wish I was in America, atleast I'd have some forced psyc help. But I'm on a list for therapy now.

Need to see a doc again in 2 weeks and have another blood test for my liver, then we'll look at anti depressants

Rant into the void. Thanks to the people that replied before

I'm not good. But I don't want to die. I want to try, and I want to get better.","6","1"
"t3_1j71v04","Dude I'm stoned watching Ghost Adventures. It's just people my age and older yelling at air.","I'm extremely high and think about it. These guys get paid to travel the world and be overdramatic with electronics. The show is entertaining even though you think it's occasionally ridiculous. These guys got rich doing the bullshit we did when we were 12 years old 🤦‍♂️","44","5"
"t3_1j6pwmy","My sister invited our brother to her wedding, even though she knows how I feel about him","Recently my sister got engaged, and she asked me to be a part of her bridal party. Initially I was very excited to have a role in her wedding, kind of still am, but now I'm feeling iffy because she invited our brother, who I don’t have a positive relationship with.

For context, I’m the youngest out of the three of us and we were raised by a single mother who worked a lot. Because of this, my sister took a lot of responsibility over us when our mother couldn’t. She’s like a second mother to me and my brother even though she shouldn’t have been. My brother, on the other hand, was kind of a weirdo growing up. He dressed alternatively and had “nerdy” interests, something that younger-me at the time thought was really cool, and was all around awkward.

I was maybe 8 and he was 14 when he started getting curious with his body, and that eventually led to him sexually assaulting me. It didn’t happen for long, thank god, but the experience left a disgusting stain on me. Eventually I realized that what had happened to me was wrong, and it wasn't until I was 13 that I finally had the chance and courage to talk to someone.

I was removed from my home and placed in a children’s psych unit, and my case was being handled by a social worker. Of course, they informed my mother, who then told a few others, my sister included. I didn’t know this at the time, but some of the adults around her pressured her into convincing me to recant my statement. So when she visited me, she asked me to do just that. I was obviously so betrayed and angry, she was my role model and the one person I relied on the most at the time. I can’t recall the rest of our conversation, I just remember leaving the visitation area and completely losing it in my room.

But I was young, impressional, and ruminating a lot at this time, so I did end up recanting my statement. My case worker didn’t agree with my decision but respected it anyway. For the sake of procedure, my case was still investigated, but without the victim’s statement it fell through. It didn’t erase anything that happened to me, but it felt like it did with how everyone else around me went about their lives like nothing happened. It was jarring and fucked with my head, and I slowly started believing that I made the whole thing up for attention. My memory wasn’t the best, and it could’ve just been a messed up dream I had. I started feeling disgusted and I couldn’t trust myself anymore, and I began spiraling.

Fastward to when I was 17, I was hospitalized for almost taking my life. For some reason, this was much more serious than before. I was finally put on medication and was put into a program for other at-risk teens. It was through group therapy I started thinking about getting closure for myself, so after a lot of mental and emotional preparation, I confronted my brother. At the last minute I decided to record the conversation without him knowing, and I actually got a confession. I went to my social worker, and after a few days he was removed from the house.

After that, I was both relieved and stressed by the events that came next. To be honest I didn’t follow too closely with the court proceedings, I couldn’t bring myself to care what happened to him, all I remember was being interviewed by SVU and getting monthly check ups by social services. But the whole ordeal was mentally and emotionally draining for me and my family. My mom couldn’t believe it at first, and briefly experienced religious psychosis, but no one took it harder than my sister. I guess she felt guilty, because 1) such a serious thing happened between two of her siblings right under her nose, and 2) she didn’t have my back when I first came forward about it. I don’t blame her, or anyone really, for not noticing what was happening. I can’t bring myself to blame anyone, no one wants to believe that someone you love is capable of something as horrible as sexual assault.

A few years have passed since then, and I’ve been working on improving my mental health. My sister was my rock throughout the process, the most understanding of me and my circumstances, and after a while I thought I had made peace with the whole situation, until her wedding. My sister’s decision to invite our brother, after years of no-contact between the two of us, kind of blindsided me. Not because I didn’t expect her to, but because she didn’t tell me. Now here’s the thing, I would never ask my sister to choose between me or our brother. I understand that she loves the both of us despite what had happened, so to ask her to do that wouldn’t be fair. But I would’ve liked a heads-up. I had to ask her myself if he was coming, and I’m glad I did. The thought of walking into the venue and seeing him in the crowd without warning would’ve sent me into a panic.

And because of this I started to rethink my relationship with her. She’s done a lot for me, and I’ll go as far as to say that she has a bigger impact on me than our mother does. I want to give her some grace for this, but I still feel so uncomfortable with his presence. He’s also still in good standing with our extended family, who don’t know of the situation, so the possibility of them joking around and having fun with him without knowing what he’s done doesn’t sit right with me.

I most likely won’t do anything regarding my sister’s wedding because I don’t want to ruin her big day, but it’ll probably change the way I see her. Like I said, I won’t ask her to choose between me or him, but that doesn’t mean I can’t. It’s a scary realization that my relationship with my sister can change, I really don’t want it to, but I can’t ignore how she’s willing to look past what our brother has done to me when I haven’t. I want to start by having a proper conversation with her about this first though, after the wedding. I want to fully understand her side of the story and her perspective before making this big decision.

I honestly don’t know what to expect or hope for, but I feel like if I don’t do something then all the improvement I’ve made will come undone and I don’t think I’ll recover this time.","280","86"
"t3_1j7c4t1","I’m coming to terms with the fact that I am a terrible person","I am 21 years old. I am in school. I’m moving forward in life but I have been a terrible person. I’ve lied about jobs, I’ve lied about health, I’ve lied about where I live and my age. I’ve lied about what other people have said and done. I’ve lied about past experiences. I’ve lied about relationships. I’ve lied about going to therapy. Hell I lied about when I got my drivers license. The majority of the time for no reason at all. I haven’t gained anything from any of this. If anything, I’ve lost friends and fumbled opportunities. But it just happens. I’ve almost never admitted to a lie. I’ve barely been caught in one either. I’ve lied to strangers and lied to people I trust. And I’ve gotten good enough at it that sometimes I don’t even realize that I’ve lied. I’ve made up entire profiles of fake people I created in my head. I’ve talked to people I know personally in real life as these people. I catfished my ex-girlfriend with one of these fake profiles just to make it easier for me to ghost her. It was during COVID and I didn’t want to keep up with the relationship. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I try to feel bad about these things. But I simply don’t, as much as I pretend to. I can’t even feel bad for people who trust me and who I trust, because I can’t bring myself to even really care about them. I don’t miss people. I don’t feel much towards anyone at all really. Even family. I know I am not beyond redemption. But I don’t think redemption is in my path when I’ve done absolutely nothing to attempt to improve myself. I don’t really deserve it either. I’m just having the realization that I really am a terrible person. If I could start life over I would.","6","3"
